of literary.
John Felsen wrote the order of my life.
He died in his ordeal and his tornado, and he died in his death.
And Daniel Boone approved of every word of it.
Lord Byron wrote that famous poem about Daniel Boone.
And Daniel approved of that.
And if he were here today, he'd approve of John's paragraph.
And they'll go on and on and on to the end of time.
Lord signed Daniel Boone.
But I had the privilege.
But during Daniel, a good turn, I hope.
I got a letter from the young skipper of the submarine, Daniel Boone, asking me why to scrape up from Daniel Boone Reddick's and send them to the city to go aboard the Daniel Boone, which was being lost in their island.
I don't like that we were like Frank Allen.
But I didn't have a two, three, three, three, four.
I had a San Diego letter that I would permit to go on board this San Diego.
I had about 20 barbers.
It's a horrifying thing.
And I had a board.
So, I sent Daniel around the world.
Every time that Daniel
Finally, when he came around in the law, he returned all that material.
But he had been so sensitive about protecting the letter.
He said it might be wrapped in, I think, another towel in the United States name to dry off every animal for his name in their mouth.
But he just told me,
by winning the old blood and leather in the throat into the river.
He was a classmate in fitting there.
And then there was that marvelous group of people, James Howard, that established Harris now.
And those missionaries who'd come out and finally shaped them, which is in a very fine state of preservation, marvelous spot.
It is the highest part of the trajectory where you can go and discuss anything.
But I want to come back just a moment.
I want to go on there.
I was the first historian to break into this very guarded publication bank.
And they didn't know whether a historian could do it or not.
I set up five chapters.
And I went to the meeting of the American Historical Association in New York.
Don't think many of them say it.
And I went up to the Fire and Reinhardt office.
I was prepared to go into one of those rushing things, that little bit of stationery that he had looked like a movie version.
I will publish his own.
I had a darn fire with his shirt tail out.
The desk fire was so high.
And he pulled around for 10 minutes looking for my man.
And he said, I've got a room for a room here somewhere.
It was fun.
But by that time, I was the fastest day.
I was waiting for John to find whatever it was that somebody said about that magic.
But when he finally found it, it was available for the use.
And that meant that my spirit reminded me for just one moment.
Then John proceeded to set upon me, giving me a lecture about how I've developed this story
And that last year, I went back down to Pennsylvania, New Salem.
And the first thing I heard was a thing that John was talking about.
One historian says to another, why are you working on now?
And whatever it was, almost exploded in just prayer to mind.
When my book came out, there was a review of it, I think, in the old New York house for me, my bad friend of it.
And he said, if he gets by the home people, he's by the national public trade.
I got by the home people.
I don't have a few of them.
But it thrilled my life.
to do that, folks.
And the thread, the dribble of the thread, more than that, gets to the truck, right around, right straight through the heart of the expanding America.
That's part of the frontier where it all started.
But I had the privilege.
And apparently I don't know where to write stories.
I can't believe this.
Oh my, I couldn't go home without this.
John Farrell and all that lecture on, I don't know where the story is.
said to me, and I'm glad you said what you did about the military.
Who's your illustrator?
I said, the military.
I never heard anything proud of it, the military.
They said, yes, you go home and come up with a military.
Well, I had just seen the book illustrated by a young man named John Feldman III.
I went home to look up John's film.
I didn't know anything about it except I was interested in the illustrations that he had produced this movie.
I went up in the mountains with a nut, a first-rate nut, whose vows are about to carry down on the border, and this is a fellow that spread the front of the radio station.
It came up with rain.
What day in Appalachian Islands did it rain?
Get out of it.
If you're in a river valley, get away from it.
We caught the first fort, the second one, we were a little deeper, and the third one, another set up to my camp in the Cuddy River water.
And this fort, the fort of the Cuddy River and I, was right on the right.
We went up to a mountain cabin and slept up in the hammock that night.
We went over the next day to the Feynman Fettman School.
If the cat had drank something, he knew it couldn't have looked more.
Then came this bright youngish fellow, Josh Fettman.
I said, I talked to him and he was going, you wouldn't have anything to do.
I listened.
He was down there the next day.
He was hung there high.
I'd like to go back very quickly
because we are going to have illustrators up here this morning if they have anything to do with the illustration of their book and so how that how that might work
Yeah, this is very brief.
My mother was the president of the PPA, and my illustrator was the person who did the drawings on the cover of the PPA's Wiki Newsletter.
She did a lot of other things .
She was a mile away, and totally fell in the place.
This is the theme of search for .
Well, one in this video was him and children, three hands of rain, he died in the shoes.
First of all, I think it's a drawing of the Great Lakes support area, which he pictured for the Great Command painting.
And I was asked to recommend.
And I recommended him.
He's made a few samples.
I liked him.
And so he was on board.
I'll jump to the end of my book.
I asked Hume to accompany me to co-signing at Halley's bookstore.
And he declined debt for the price of the angle.
And we were sitting together in the gymnasium.
One of my students would come up.
He was a very sad guy.
And Stuart would say, I think he would say, I'm living in a class of all of them all.
And he'd say, that's all.
And I've been all afternoon.
So sitting next to us was, you know, Elliot Kazin, who had just come out of what I think was the first very book.
It was called The Arrangement.
And he came and said over to me, and I just read a few pages.
And Kim was a redhead.
I turned it over to Kim and he was really .
Well, by the time, both Reinhard and Winston, in the time of reading a lot of books, the author had nothing to do with two musical illustrations.
And so that sort of, excuse me, on the ground, it's not like that.
However, this gentleman will have to be because
We had a most unfortunate experience.
He was a relapsed man and had a quite good reputation in San Francisco.
And he was inherently looking at his students.
There's a very mediocre job that you can talk about with one hand and make a nice little, little extra pocketbook.
And so when the pictures came to me from my article, they worked around the river.
And I immediately, he was weak, and I didn't know what to do, so I sent a telegram.
I don't know if his face was still there or not, but to the then editor, and said, you know, what are we going to do?
Because the pictures were, I mean, the text was almost ready.
And I had sent him specific details about the areas that I suggested that he illustrated and told him about the Indians.
The California Indians were unlike the Eastern Indians or the Plains Indians over there.
And so the Indians that were drawn came with war bonnets.
And one thing that struck me was a common old firehouse, which was in Yuba City, which is a new group on the other side of the street.
So we had quite a time, and so hope wired here, apparently, a very strong message.
And I received help of it.
And he said, more or less, he had orders to come over and see.
And this was the first attempt.
He never, he was supposed to, he was himselfless.
And the first thing I knew was that the children were seeing him.
So he came, and that was one of the most unhappy experiences in my life.
I went to the door, and this man's face was purple.
And he was absolutely furious.
He said, oh, Brian Arden, Winston, he accused him of plagiarism.
And so I said, no, it wasn't that.
He just chose the wrong river.
So I suggested that I go with him.
My daughter and I go with him.
And I go into the country.
And I know it so well.
I can take him and he's seen me places.
uh the rivers are very different physical than anyone between western american rivers and of course they're writing for an audience that knows about uh people who do interviews and so forth and they're not going to accept new lists
So, he had resigned on a dying boat by a sunset vaccine.
So, eventually,
Uh, the things, all I can draw, all of the things, of course.
And, uh, I had to go and do research.
And I do research and I need to check out folks.
I sent them to my home and they, uh, they said there was many of them.
And, yes, they were, and I never was having to cover.
I had to show them.
And, uh, they were, and I never was having to cover.
I was at a sort of an unfortunate
He was the official artist, president of the Historical Society.
He did two sketches, which was very nice, and he asked him back.
and put up the facts that I have.
And so I sounded around, and I can't remember too much.
Maybe Jerry Hazard, who is here today, was my illustrator.
He can tell you as to his side of the story.
My side was that I heard that Jerry Hazard was a very good illustrator.
He knew the same story.
He loved it.
And so I had, over my years, collected photographs in an album of scenic youth along the St.
Troy and also people.
Jerry and I had conference.
several conferences and we went through the slides and the photographs and so forth and then he said this is nice that's nice no that's not so good and so he was chosen as the illustrator and i never regretted it because
well thank you all please join me in thanking
Actually, what did you say to many of your subsequent books?
Oh, I've done 17 books in all.
The French Brawl, published in 1955, was my first one.
And subsequent books...
I find that some part of those books really grew out often of the French broth, of an interest I had, of a subject I addressed, of a way I told a story, so that I figured that was, shall we say, roots...
for the rest of my writing career.
Did you know any of these other authors who were here today prior to discussion?
Oh, Thomas Clark.
I've known him, but I knew a number of the authors.
Of course, Carl Palmer, who did the Hudson and the Susquehanna.
I knew Frank Waters, who did the Conflata.
I knew...
Oh, who was the poet who did the, well, anyway.
So it was a fraternity, sorority, so to speak.
Well, no, it was just the sort of thing that my husband and I would look up, these people in various places, Hodding Carter, who did the Miss Lower Mississippi, a number of the Frank...
He did the Yazoo, Frank Smith.
Difficult name to remember, Smith.
Frank Smith did the Yazoo.
Not easier than Lesbians.
No, did the Yazoo.
But it was a touchstone.
If we happened to be someplace, I met Frank Waters on a trip to China, one of the first trips that
and the Americans made it to China.
How do you feel about Carol Fitzgerald's work on this?
Oh, I think it's wonderful.
I think the fact that somebody had this intensity, and I'm afraid that I've not always answered her as promptly as I should, but I've tried to cooperate.
But it is quite an accomplishment.
Well, it is an accomplishment.
She seems to have taken it to the next dimension.
Well, she has.
No, it's not just collecting.
She's a scholar.
that's right she's got she did what the sillies tried to do which was to be her history but to be you see i like to remember that the major part of the word history is s-t-o-r-y and that makes all the difference in the world because you have the history is the
under part of the glacier and the tip of the glacier and the story and the book.
So it's factual, it's based in fact, but that doesn't mean you can use your human imagination and your human, you know, knowledge of things.
That's great.
I'm sorry to pop in, but I'll use these quotes.
Thank you very much.
Well, I want you to... Maris Wall.
through my equipment, because the temperature to the tonsilary was here in Washington, and it kind of got to me.
I'm going to deal with that.
I'm here to the wonderful adventures that come to Seekers After Rivers.
And then you're also such as an audience that's been converted, and I share with you my experiences, which is a very wonderful thing.
I grew up on a shore in Lake Michigan.
And, originally, there were different bodies of water, and so it was the other side of which you cannot see.
I really don't fall into it.
And we're going to come home to home shortly and to the field.
their great power, their elemental nature, and their symbolism for our American culture.
And a lot of this stood out in our experience in the last years of working with the Romans of America series.
We do exhibit and promote collections that we have on hand, or new collections that we receive, and don't do much creating.
We're beyond that.
So this was a new experience, and I'm a little hesitant about it, but the elements that came into play were uniformly play durable, and I'm going to share those with you.
I also applaud, as you have heard, a very persuasive gentleman and his interest in the river.
It's been the answer, and sponsorship of this topic, of course, got excited.
And we had a legitimate page in the collection with Donald Davison's papers.
And if you've heard, Donald Davison is the only author of the two volumes
the history of a river, the Tennessee, and as we explored and learned,
more clearly perhaps than we had before about the divided nature of Donald Davidson and in a way that he expressed these passions of his folklore and for the native culture of the region.
So we have in the first volume of the Tennessee, the Romantic Davidson is the second volume of the Tennessee,
agrarian anti-industrial reactions to what has happened to the land because of the way the river has been handled in that century.
So the Navis and Garnelake and other selections which held the most at Loma Dyson and the Cumberland, steam moats on the Cumberland, we have more of a foundation there than we knew we had.
And I was so aware that it was an opportunity to work with an ultimate scholar-collector who's just really held the many facets of the enterprise, the great publishing enterprise of the 20th century, which is the purpose of America.
It touches everyone, and I hope it will grow to touch even more than the young people in the country.
Terrell Fitzgerald accepted a role as guest curator of the exhibit that he's planning to have with the reality talk in special collections.
Of course, he was in Fort Wanamiel, and I was in Nashville.
And we were trying to image the things of ourselves and managed to have a fairly cogent discussion of it through
and talking over the telephone.
And we were enormously helped by Carol's very generosity not only to share her collection with us, but to send it on early so that we had the physical artifacts to see and to place on exhibit.
We've documented the exhibit area, and I do have some slides which are going to be shown this afternoon
for the procession, because the equipment is where they're going to take place.
But I also, if you're not able to either, have a few photographs of the gallery area, and that will give you an idea of what the layout was.
We have, let's see what I think.
And a lot of wall things.
And when you deal with literary selections, you deal with print, and not so much with image or illustration.
And so there wasn't a
a challenge to distribute the material in an interesting way, in a compelling way for an audience.
And so we decided to focus on the rivers that are important in the sea.
The Cumberland, the Kentucky, the French Broad, the Ohio, the lower Mississippi, and the Tennessee itself.
and collected related originals, so the primary documentation for those rivers to show, along with the book, in the landscape.
We had correspondence from several of the writers.
In fact, a wonderful correspondence that Davidson had had was the publisher of things that were wrong.
And the illustrations of the Tennessee shows that he's dipping down into Georgia, which he doesn't have sex done.
It might have late in that, if he corrected.
And then he had all of them.
problems straightened down as it was a strife, and the books were delivered in time to make the signing of the morning.
It went out with great difficulties.
I began to see him as a perfectionist with a poltergeist.
But it all worked out at the end and so well that in one of his letters on this period, and I brought this to you
He writes, God bless the editors.
Those were the cases.
On the wall, this is another.
It's a challenge to find in our timeframe.
We have good materials from our collection to other agencies to give it.
And I've found, oh, my goodness, you're a three-year-old lead time with these registrar's documents and so forth.
Nothing like that.
So I'm trying to find the fearless map somewhere.
And I found the Library of Congress and the New York Public were willing to let us borrow the map.
But the time was too short to go through all of the originating documentation, the reservations, work that would have to be done on the ship and so on.
So we weren't able to do that.
And I was rather desperately searching in upon a treasured librarian's tool.
And I hope some of you will enjoy it, too.
where was I going to find the map of the river.
And so I checked in the pre-1956 imprint, and there it was, Cleveland Public Library.
And it's all there, and they were willing to allow us to have their map.
They developed a nice picture and a very fine copy of the map.
And on either side of it, we use another technique to provide images that we employ.
And that is taking a polaroid shot in this instance of the jacket of the
individual rivers booked and framed them among them, so that on either side of the map we were able to have the Kennebec and the American.
And these are very interesting things.
Then we came up to Carol's appearance in the gallery.
You'll also see I'm sorry, but it shows well that there's a physical area of room.
There's a portrait of Carol to the side of the bookcases in this exhibit.
and she appeared with um that i initially had um very gracious about the exhibit and carrying with her um some items that i think of as the what are really the fruits of her labors now because she has built this collection so thoroughly and understands it so well that um
Now she's into the ephemera area and every time she turns up another fragment of background or connected
object but these rivers is a real thrill and so here she arrives and with her the costumes of brandy wine for the sign by the last some promotional material for the kentucky and for the members of america and we were delighted to share her joy along the way
We had some other experiences.
Because when you're used to an activity, you didn't help but talk about it.
And coincidentally, this period had hit a time when the young man who was vaccinating the Cumberland River with what stood up to a two-hour documentary was finishing his work.
He came at it for seven years of research.
He felt very strongly about the river, that his
story is that he was abandoned beneath the Chevy Street Bridge in Nashville.
And so the general member of his mother had a great influence on who was adopted by some very nice people who brought him up well.
And he's in the music system, and he brings a different kind of zest to this.
But he's done a very similar job of interviewing non-liver people, and a grand job of editing this documentary.
And in fact, it's so tight, it's been difficult for him to reduce it.
beyond the two hours or under the two hours, so that it's a showable piece for me.
But it was shown at the opening of the Tennessee Bicentennial Celebration, another coincidental event, but it was a really important tendency.
And the great accomplishment of the Bicentennial was to open the space
back behind the capitol to the north.
The capitol building has been indulged by especially over time.
But it's not killed.
And behind it was a kind of ramshackle area of warehouses and, you know,
So all that was cleared out, the beautifully designed Vista was created going back to a ride from Vista's away.
and a young architect who designed what is really a rivers-oriented wall there.
When it's completely flooded, the rivers of Tennessee will rise at the back and flow down through a landscape walkway, which shows the terrain of Tennessee from the mountains of Delta by a variety of streams.
I don't want to think of one of the waterways.
There's a pool, a kind of shallow pool, which has rivers of Tennessee engraved in the basin.
When you drive down to the Bicentennial Ballroom, you find many children in this pool.
In fact, they're watering away the rivers.
They're little people.
But all these people, even who are looking down, finding their own place in this world.
There's a lot of what they're living here around us.
Also, during this time, we had a call from a man who makes his business of searching and free marketing.
And he has been to a business.
market in Maryland and come up with a signature of .
And he is an aficionado of the Cumberland River and particularly the logging and rafting enterprises that took place on the river.
And he showed us all of these devices that we
They used to keep their craft together and to guide the materials down the river and offering them tools for the exhibit.
They were a little rusty for next year on the books.
I thought of their time.
And I didn't see a future for them.
It's a trouble in the museum and science center along with the end of the century.
The thing just grows wonderfully.
So also during this period, he came up to the library dinner.
And we're very fortunate he had a figure this year for indictment.
imagine expanding her delightful remarks this morning to roughly an hour in length, you know, have some idea of what a treat that talk was for us.
So we kept having music, but since I was very patient with us, allowing us to have a circle for a longer time.
But it was a wonderful year of introducing
people in the national area to the river.
And now we have great memories of some good friends developed in Christmas Enterprise.
several wonderfully usable artifacts in the image of the map, and then a videotape of the exhibit for which we've seen uses in both exhibit and educational interests.
but continuing interest in the river's theme and the several of new dimensions that I didn't wait here to cross rivers every month, but very interesting.
And I just went across the chain, driving up from Mexico the other day.
And we have an extra question also about the engaging projects that come in this wonderful world.
What Merit has reminded us about, of course, is the living tradition of rivers, which is very much part of our continuing project.
She didn't mention, as we did last night, the current way that rivers are in the newspapers, which is yet a different aspect of the rivers.
And that is another aspect, I think, of the continuing position.
But I can't help listening to her because I was fortunate enough to hear Wilma after he's transferred to the library.
And this day, it's clear that the Bible
But in the monument, at the foot of the park, where there is this testimony to the rivers of Tennessee, there's also a quote from .
And it gets me, I'm the big fan of quotations and descriptions.
I suppose many of you are as well.
But here was a whole monument dedicated to quotations about rivers and water.
But we're all part of it.
And I came across this not knowing it was there, and that I was towards the river.
I think there's been a year 10 feet of the way I had.
And I think it's going to come to the region.
It's really a hit.
Yeah, I'm so good.
I would like now to invite the illustrators who are here to come up to the stage.
And we are going to continue from this aspect of the illustration.
And by the illustrators, our discussion of this part of the Rivers of America series.
And we have, in addition to Jerry Tassard and Troy,
I would like to have all reading children as well for my interviews last night.
we also have family members i know both the authors and real estate and we hope to have a chance if not this morning at the end of the day get some more comments from us associated with
We started by getting about illustration.
We could ask each of our illustrators in turn, perhaps, to answer their size the same question I ask the authors.
how they came to illustrate the work which they illustrated and the alternations that they might like to make about the process, about the illustrations that they showed, and how that relationship was with the illustrator and the author, and anything else they would like to say about the publishing process for the book.
And I think George, it's all right.
We can go the other way today and start with you and do that.
You know, this is something I haven't read about.
It's 37 years ago.
It's a little shock to see it all turn in.
I did an illustration for her.
advertising agencies and editorial publishers.
And one day I left my portfolio that called Reinhard and In there was a book called Yankee Loggers, which Stuart Holbrook wrote, and I illustrated along the quote.
A few days went by and I got a call and said that they would like me to go to space reality.
So unlike the other authors who had some contact with them, I never had any contact with them.
I felt I was an art editor, but I didn't show my samples.
I don't know.
And I don't know when it feels crazy.
But that's roughly what happened.
So is it a separate negotiation entirely?
Is he being sealed with the author at all?
No, not at all.
David, do you want to respond to that?
Yes.
I did have the privilege to interview Lou.
I called him in Rockport, Maine, on Valentine's Day, as it happens this year, sitting in the kitchen of his home, overlooking .
That was one of the questions I asked.
What do you have to do with the illustrations of the illustrator?
Nothing.
When you think of the work, he said, I thought it was first class.
It showed that the illustrator knew something about the work, the work of working in the woods, that is, which is a big part of what the Allogast story was about working in the Jordan-Masel-Lumberwood.
And as George told me yesterday, when we did an interview here at the library, he just explained a moment ago, the fact that he had done this earlier, was really instrumented here.
And you might want to comment on the fact that some of the illustrations in the first book served as marvelous for illustrations in the second book, right?
And I'm thinking of one of the characters that you know, who each wrote about a pretty legendary character of a walker there in the book.
But just to say again, really respectful.
Well, actually, this job was a big help because they are a huge company in the area.
And they had tons of photographs of his stars online, which were a tremendous thing.
And I can fall back on those when I did the alligator.
And for Lou to do his work, and this is a very remote area in Maine, very sparkly populated in my home state, incidentally.
By the way, I grew up on the bank, but that's fine by.
But anyway, for Lou to do his research,
it was necessary for him to obtain permissions from the lumber companies, including International Paper Company, which turns out to be the firm that commissioned the book that George did the illustration for .
So we have that cost current .
Yeah, I must say this is just a happy incident.
And 30 years later, you can see .
coming after all these people who are authors that were so eloquent, I feel, because, you know, it's still sort of like a list with any of the separate customs, and authors who were
But at the time that the war with Germany ended, I was in the hospital.
And I expected to be shipped over to Japan to help clean up that mess.
And that was a result that I didn't want to talk.
So I went over.
transferred to the Stars of Christ to learn newspaper, and shortly found myself in a little town in Germany, the Altdorf, which is your murderer.
And Dick Jones was the editor of a magazine session, and I was the art director on it.
So he and I got along really well, and I got a point of commitment.
And then many years later, when he got the chance to do the Minnesota River Book, and they were looking for a new dating from Minnesota,
He called me up and asked me if I wanted to do it.
And I said, sure.
So that's how I happened to do it.
And my wife and I, her information on any better than mine, and she thinks we've spent about a week along the river, but I think it was much longer than that.
We went along the river making sketches of everything that we saw.
And I tried to make them
look like sketches done on the spot.
Some of them weren't, some of them weren't.
But anyway, I just did a whole lot of interesting points along the river and sketches of people, pioneers and engines and so forth that have been
problems in the settling of the reverse, and that went into heaven, and they picked out the money they wanted to use.
Of course, I had read this book, so I had some I knew what he was talking about, so that's how I had it.
Did you know that as well?
Oh, yeah, because we did work on this person first.
Yeah.
An interesting thing, we have, we worked at a printing plant that had been the printing plant for Victor Sturmer, his arms, his parting paper, and we have the same typologies and the same press room and the same types of his and the whole shred that he had, and of course none of them have ever been adopted.
I'm sure everybody's pleased with the results of this.
Jerry Hathard, who was an illustrator in St.
Louis, from Jim Dunn and Jerry.
You're not a pilot, but you're a fair little background.
And like Jerry was involved in the arts in World War II, I started out to become a pilot.
And I went through my 10 hours flying and the college education and so forth, found out in San Diego, California, where I got probably the worst cold of my life.
And wound up with a heavy duty sinus problem and couldn't get through the pressure chambers.
So I'm chucked out of state.
And I wound up, I finagled my way over to England, ultimately, to have an aircraft armor with the 8th Air Force.
And like everything else, I had about 50,000 aircraft armors in excess over there.
And my captain asked if I was good for anything, was anything I could have.
What?
And I said, well, I fancy myself as an artist.
I've taken art of pretty much all these great people in high school and a couple of summer sessions.
And he literally floated.
He handed me the keys to his chief.
He took out his wallet.
He said, buy whatever you want.
He had so much.
It's such a great mean for art.
I didn't really tell him about it.
So I wound up doing all kinds of interesting projects.
I decorated the chapel.
One extreme, designs 3D posters, and lots of little things that were great.
And they kept me working night and day.
Anyway.
When I got out of the service, I went to my education at Mayapolis School of Art, College of Art.
And after years of supporting my family as an artist, pretty adequately, I got this call from Jim Dunn.
And he explained that they had an artist on this project who had passed away.
It's not the first time I placed I could film.
I must say that the experience that I had with Jim and with Gene Crawford was one of the nicest ones of my whole career.
I can't imagine a few more helpful people on any kind of project.
I mean, some of these things, I think, as my fellows, my peers here know about some of the conditions that I already put up with.
And it was really a pleasant experience.
I'm working with these two people.
Jim came to my office with two large boxes of archives, let's say, assembled by his father, who was quite a photographer, as Jim was, and a writer of his own, right?
Sort of good.
St.
Troy?
Troy and areas surrounding it.
And his writings, which was not quite as good as Jim,
And we're very good.
His father documented the arrival of all the and so forth that came out of the river, and all the birds, and all the things that happened, and all the occurrences of the logging industry, and so on.
And we had some nice little meetings, talked about what that happened.
came up with some really nice solutions with Jean.
Jean asked how I would like to do, what would be my preference for style of drawings.
And she said, usually they are a candidate target.
I said, well, I'd like to try something different, and I'll do a couple drawings submitted to you and see if you like it.
And so I did, I think, three drawings.
And we set them on her, and she fired a letter back saying, go ahead, they're great.
And this was very nice, very complimentary.
And there was also the business arrangement.
I think publishers, of course, we do not say, illustrators as well as some other sorts of corporations do.
And so I am being polite here.
I don't know.
I think it's the nature of the ..
And I said, what I want to do is retain ownership of those loans.
And what I'll do is a trade-off.
And he said, great.
And then I'll add about four more drawings, if you've got room for them, in the book, which I did.
That was a very long situation.
And I was able to sell the drawings, a number of them, for up to three or four times as well.
I can't say it originally.
By the penalty.
That's basically my story.
I can remind the audience that we do have copies of the book and our authors on display here.
And the books over here are from the collections of the Library of Congress.
aired, and the books on the other side are from Gerald's collection.
They're not going to be picked up.
You wanted to because we just had to put those things lived on the vivid cases, but you'll get a feeling of the covers, at least, and for the books as the logic, which, again, a book series is part of what makes this series.
So in practice, they are a series.
They look like a series.
And as the series evolves, we are now learning.
There were many changes internally, but the series basically won that.
Aaron, for the gentleman, to Aaron Kessler, who was the illustrator for the Merrimack.
The author of the Merrimack was Raymond C. Goldman, and the Merrimack was the public designer.
Well, I grew up on the shores of Easter, but I don't know.
Oh, I don't know.
That, for a while, was probably my involvement with Rivers.
I never met Raymond Colvin.
I never led a theology of the world.
I was about four years out of school at that point.
And I had been involved in public.
I got involved in book publishing daily as a designer of book jackets around 1865.
And I really love your work, and that seems to be the trade-off.
Publishing allows you to do things you couldn't really like to do.
It's a much greater arena for an artist.
And I had had the experience of working with several of them, rather directly.
I worked with one of the male for a while.
That's a whole other story.
I did the first, actually, which was a tough one.
And I had sort of a...
history of doing stuff like choppy jacks as fast as time.
At the same time, I was living it.
Like I say, I loved it.
And I had worked for a short time for Ben Thader, who was the art editor of the series.
And I guess it must have been surely
So he called me, and apparently someone had no idea to illustrate the book, and for some reason he couldn't do it.
And he urged me to do it, and I didn't want to do it.
I had real doubts about my ability to illustrate a book and to do it.
And he just, I was kind of pushed into it, I think.
But it was kind of a new and interesting thing.
And I had no, I met, I must have known the people of my heart.
And I knew some of them because I didn't know what those people were.
And I knew things for them, and I had to be one of the people of my heart.
And interestingly enough, I guess that speaks about publishing at a time when somebody
It was still less than a year ago, but he couldn't have direct contact with principals.
At any rate, he convinced me to do it.
And I don't recall exactly who I met with at Barnhart, but I was given a very kind of group
of what I had to do.
I don't think I had seen another river